#   Copyright
#
#	Copyright (C) 2009-2012 Jari Aalto
#
#   License
#
#       This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#       it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
#       the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#       (at your option) any later version.
#
#       This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#       but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#       MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
#       GNU General Public License for more details.
#
#       You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#       along with this program. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
#
#   Description
#
#	To learn what TOP LEVEL sections to use in manual pages,
#	see POSIX/Susv standard and "Utility Description Defaults" at
#	http://www.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009695399/utilities/xcu_chap01.html#tag_01_11
#
#	This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#	http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#	    perldoc perlpod | less
#
#	To check the syntax:
#
#	    podchecker *.pod
#
#	Create manual page with command:
#
#	    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

apngasm - assemble individual PNG files int to animated PNG file.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  apng2gif <OUTPUT *.png> [<INPUT *.png>] [options]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Assemble individual PNG files into animated PNG file.

Some optimizations used in APNG Assembler might re-sort the
palette, or change the color type from RGBA and RGB modes
to RGB and indexed modes. Those optimizations are only performed
when they are lossless, but if you want to avoid changing the
palette or colortype, see options to turn them off.

The Animated Portable Network Graphics (APNG) file format is an
extension to the Portable Network Graphics (PNG) specification. It
allows for animated PNG files that work similarly to animated GIF
files, while retaining backward compatibility with non-animated PNG
files and adding support for 8-bit transparency and 24-bit images.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B</kp>

Keep the original palette and do do not optimize for created APNG.

=item B</kc>

Keep the original color type.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

[Example 1] With following files, to have 3/4 seconds delay between
the frames:

    frame01.png
    frame02.png
    frame03.png

    apngasm output.png frame01.png 3 4

You can control individual frame by creating control files, like for
C<frame02.txt>:

    delay=25/100

[Example 2] The same as above, but the with frame00.png, which is
"invisible". Notice the use of option B</f>:

    frame00.png - invisible
    frame01.png
    frame02.png
    frame03.png

    apngasm output.png frame00.png 3 4 /f

That way APNG supported browsers and image viewers will show
frame01-frame02-frame03 animation, while IE and Chrome will display
static frame00.png image.

[Example 3] This way you'll get 1/10 sec delay:

    apngasm output.png frame01.png

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 STANDARDS

APNG homepage http://animatedpng.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

apng2gif(1)
gifsicle(1)
gifview(1)
optipng(1)
pngcheck(1)
pngcrush
pnginfo(1)
pngnq(1)
pngquant(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by Max Stepi <maxst@users.sourceforge.net>

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. For more information about license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
